Hide subscribe buttons on governance board mailing list (#6683)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_partials/mailing-lists/jenkinsci-board.adoc

Mailing list to contact https://www.jenkins.io/project/board/[Jenkins board members].

> NOTE: The subscription to this mailing list is reserved to Jenkins board members. Do not message this list for support with your Jenkins instance or plugins.

Reviewer: I'm not a native speaker but message somehow sounds wrong, does "use" make more sense?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The subscription to this mailing list is reserved to Jenkins board members. Do not send messages to this list for support with your Jenkins instance or plugins.
```
"Use" definitely makes sense here, otherwise my suggestion would be to add a couple words to have the original wording be as clear as possible.
